

What is a "prompt'
  A call to action. 

  Good prompt for improving questions:
    From now on, when I ask a question, suggest a better version of my question and ask me if I would like to use it. 


  Can Program with Prompts

    Whenever you generate output, turn it into a comma separated value list.



  Prompt Patterns


    The Persona Pattern

      Act as a skeptic that is well-versed in computer science. Whatever I tell you, provide a skeptical detailed response.

      Act as the lamb in the nursery rhyme Mary had a little lamb. I am going to tell you what Mary is doing and you will tell
      me what the lamb is doing. 

      Act a Chief Financial Officer



    Fundamental Contextual Statements:

You are a helpful AI assistant.
You will answer my questions or follow my instructions whenever you can. 
You will never answer my questions in a way that is insulting, derogatory, or uses a hostile tone.

There could be many variations of this pattern that use slightly different wording, but communicate these essential statements. 
    

  Format of the Persona Pattern

    Act as Persona X
    Perform task Y




  Introducing New Information to the Large Language Model

    Prompt Size Limitations
    Prompts are a Tool for Repeates use


  Root Prompts

    "You are my personal assistant. Whenver you provide output, please think through what would be the most time efficient
      recommendations to make. Only recommend things that will really save me time. Do not suggest things that do not save 
      time."

      "I need to buy a new car, how would you suggest I go about this?"





  Question Refinement Pattern

    "Whenever I ask a question, suggest a better question and ask me if I would like to use it instead."

    "From now on, whenever I ask a question, suggest a better version of the question and ask me if I would like to use 
    it instead."

      "Whenever I ask a question about dieting, suggest a better version of the question that emphasizes healthy eating
        habits and sound nutrition. Ask me for the first question to refine."



    Cognitive Verifier Pattern

      "When you are asked a question, follow these rules:  
        Generate a number of additional questions that would help more accurately answer the question.
        Combine the answers to the to the individual questions to produce the final answer to the overall question."

      Example:
        "When you are asked to plan a trip, follow these rules. Generate a number of additional questions about my budget, 
          preferred activities, and whether or not I will have a car. Combine the answers to these questions 
          to better plan my itinerary. "



    Audience Persona Pattern

      Produce an output for a specific type of audience.

      "Explain large language models and how they work to me. Assume that I have no background in computer science."

      "Explain large language models and how they work to me. Assume that I am a second grader that gets bored easily"

      Explain X to me.
      Assume that I am Persona Y



    Flipped Interaction Pattern

      "Ask me questions about fitness goals until you have enough information  to suggest a strength training regime for me.
      When you have enough information, show me the strength training program.
          Aske me the first question."

      I would like you to ask me questions to achieve X
      You should ask questions until condition Y is met or to achieve this goal (alternatively , forever)
      (Optional) ask me the first questions one at a time, two at a time, ask me the first question, etc.



    Few-shot Examples

      Input: The movie was good bua bit toolong
      Sentiment: Neutrual

      Input: I didn't really like this book, it lacked important details and didn't end up making sense
      Sentiment: Negative

      Input: I loved this book, it was really helpful in learning how to improve my gut health
      Sentiment: Positive

      Input: I wasn't sure what to think of this new restaurant, the service was slow, but the dishes were pretty good
      Sentiment: 
    


    Few-shot Examples for Actions

      Situation: I am travellin 60 miles per hour and i see the brake lights on the car in front of me come on
      Action: Brake

      Situation: I have just entreed the highway from an on-ramp and am traveling 30mph
      Action: Associate

      Situatio: A deer has darted out in front of my car while I am traveling 15mph and the road has a large shoulder
      Action: Brake and serve into shoulder

      Situation: I am backing out of a parking spot and I see the reverse lights illuminate on the car behind me
      Action:

      Provide more examples:
      Situation:



    Few-Shot Examples with Intermediate Step

      Situation: I am travelling 60 miles per hour and I see the brake lights on the car in front of me come on   
      Think: I need to slow the car down before I hit the car in front of me
      Action: Press foot on brake
      Think: The car isn't going to step in time
      Action: check if the shoulder is wide enought to swerve into 
      Think: The shoulder is wide enough
      Action: Swerve into shoulder

      Situation: I have just entered the highway from an on-ramp and am traveling 30mph
      Think: I need to speed up to the speed limit so that I don't get hit from behind
      Action: Press foot on accelerator
      Think: I have reached the speed limit
      Action: Let up on accelerator

      Situation: I am backing out of a parking spot and I see the reverse lights iluminate on the car behind me
      Action:
      
      

     

    

